one of fun things about play is in
making up stories the ability to just do
whatever whatever it's extremely
creative because you get to make up the
rules as you go you don't always know
what's gonna happen when the director
saw the pencil test is when the duck
goes off to the right and he comes in on
the left you have to make sense I said
look who cares that non-sequitur nature
of play is something we really celebrate
and so this whole idea of just playing
how you want to really kind of inspired
us with Disney infinity and we're
probably gonna punch of it as I think
back the genesis of the toy box it came
from Toy Story 3 we wanted to do
something that was much more than just
kind of that see the movie play the game
mentality and with Toy Story 3 showed us
is that all these characters could
coexist because they were toys and that
just blew the doors open for us
John Blackburn who came to me and he
said I have this idea I want it to be
this little island or something and it
needs to have ton of different toys and
choose from no structured gameplay at
all just discovering what each toy can
do
when we put that early prototype in
front of kids it went crazy we see this
emergent gameplay coming about because
they start figuring out combinations
oh that toy with this toy could do this
that was the moment where we really knew
hey something special here but we wanted
to give the player even more freedom so
we took that idea one step further and
just said let's go outside toy said
let's make toys out of everything and
that project shifted into what we now
know as the toy box isn't infinity the
name toy box is really apt because it is
essentially a modern digital form of
what to me was a toy box when I was a
kid
this is your chance to create your own
journey and that's kind of honest to
play the hardest thing to find was we
had to get out of the way of the player
and just let their imagination be what
guides them we let you express yourself
the way you want to this is your
playground this is your clothes you play
with the way you want to it's exciting
for us to have a game where players can
play for hours and days if they want
with these characters that we've created
I think playing equals creativity and
creativity is played it's one in the
same I think that's what infinity gives
you is the ability to be creative in a
way that no one's ever seen before